Add - Created standards framework and defined process tracking draft elements (#34)
bcgov/nr-pies: docs/standard/element/process_tracking/state.mdx

| Accepted                   | Submission accepted                   | The application has been accepted by the initial reviewing authority.                                                                                                              |
| Submission review          | Submission review                     | The application is being evaluated by the relevant authority or team. This may involve assessment of documents and qualifications.                                                 |
| Submitted                  | Submitted                             | The application has been submitted for review.                                                                                                                                     |
| Technical review           | Technical review                      | The application is being reviewed by the deciding authority. This may occur at the same time as referrals or consultation.                                                         |

> | Review completed           | Review completion and recommendations | The application has been applicant.                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: `| Review completed           | Review completion and/or recommendations | The application has been reviewed/recommendation and comment prepared.  `

> | Review completed           | Review completion and recommendations | The application has been applicant.                                                                                                                                                |

Author: ```suggestion
| Review completed           | Review completion and/or recommendations | The application has been reviewed/recommendation and comment prepared.                                                                                                         
```
